unsafe is bad (#30)
swift-server/sswg: process/incubation.md

  * Follow Swift Code style guidelines
  * Uses force unwraps and force tries only as preconditions, ie. conditions that the programmer regards as impossible or programmer error. All force tries/unwraps should come with a comment stating the reasons
  * Prefer native Swift over C wrapping, where appropriate
  * Does not use `*Unsafe*` unless interfacing with C
    * Exceptions to uses of `*Unsafe*` constructs are tolerated if appropriately documented why they are absolutely necessary
    * When `*Unsafe*` is used in this manner, it would be appreciated for feature requests to be made for Swift or SwiftNIO in order to make the use of the `*Unsafe*` construct obsolete

>   * Exceptions to uses of `*Unsafe*` constructs are tolerated if appropriately documented why they are absolutely necessary.

Reviewer: These two points are duplicated!

Author: thanks George, fixed

  * Follow Swift Code style guidelines
  * Uses force unwraps and force tries only as preconditions, ie. conditions that the programmer regards as impossible or programmer error. All force tries/unwraps should come with a comment stating the reasons
  * Prefer native Swift over C wrapping, where appropriate

>   * Does not use `*Unsafe*` unless interfacing with C. Exceptional uses of `*Unsafe*` constructs are tolerated if appropriately commented why they are absolutely necessary. When `*Unsafe*` is necessary, feature requests for Swift / SwiftNIO asking for API that would allow achieving the same with safe constructs are appreciated.

Reviewer 2: I'd move all of the other sentences to sub-points, and word it just a bit differently.

Others are free to debate wording of course

```suggestion
* Does not use `*Unsafe*` unless interfacing with C.
  * Exceptions to uses of `*Unsafe*` constructs are tolerated if appropriately documented why they are absolutely necessary.
  * When `*Unsafe*` is used in this manner, it would be appreciated for feature requests to be made for Swift or SwiftNIO in order to make the use of the `*Unsafe*` construct obsolete.
```

Author: Thank you, applied!

  * Follow Swift Code style guidelines
  * Uses force unwraps and force tries only as preconditions, ie. conditions that the programmer regards as impossible or programmer error. All force tries/unwraps should come with a comment stating the reasons
  * Prefer native Swift over C wrapping, where appropriate

> * Does not use `*Unsafe*` unless interfacing with C.

Reviewer 2: Oops. Looks like the indentation was messed up from my first suggestion

```suggestion
  * Does not use `*Unsafe*` unless interfacing with C
    * Exceptions to uses of `*Unsafe*` constructs are tolerated if appropriately documented why they are absolutely necessary
    * When `*Unsafe*` is used in this manner, it would be appreciated for feature requests to be made for Swift or SwiftNIO in order to make the use of the `*Unsafe*` construct obsolete
```

>     * Exceptions to uses of `*Unsafe*` constructs are tolerated if appropriately documented why they are absolutely necessary

Reviewer 3: consider rephrasing "tolerated if" -> "acceptable when"

Author: thanks updated

>     * When `*Unsafe*` is used in this manner, it would be appreciated for feature requests to be made for Swift or SwiftNIO in order to make the use of the `*Unsafe*` construct obsolete

Reviewer 3: consider rephrasing "it would be appreciated for feature requests to be made for Swift or SwiftNIO" -> "its is expected to be accompanied by enhancement requests ticket describing the root cause in Swift or an offending library". i dont think we need to call out SwiftNIO here

Author: @tomerd well, without SwiftNIO you can't parse for example an integer from a buffer without "Unsafe" so there are plenty of situations where you have to. With SwiftNIO I think we have the goal to plug almost all of those holes and that's why I've specifically said SwiftNIO here.

Reviewer 3: @weissi i get it, but would be good to make sure its clear SwiftNIO is an optional component here. or iow not all projects even use it. maybe something like: "its is expected to be accompanied by enhancement requests ticket describing the root cause in Swift, SwiftNIO, or a different offending library"

Author: thanks, updated
